chore: add gitlint to lint commits (#13)
varxy20k/rogueliketcodtutorial2021: README.md

[![GitHub Workflow Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/varxy20k/rogueliketcodtutorial2021/Test)](https://github.com/varxy20k/rogueliketcodtutorial2021/actions/)
[![Codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/varxy20k/rogueliketcodtutorial2021)](https://codecov.io/gh/varxy20k/rogueliketcodtutorial2021)

## Setup

### pre-commit

> Run
> 
> ```sh
> pre-commit install && pre-commit install --hook-type commit-msg
> ```
> 
> To install the pre-commit hooks.

Author: ```suggestion
After cloning, run the following to install `pre-commit` hooks:

`pre-commit install && pre-commit install --hook-type commit-msg`
```
